AppCenter - How to add access to partners (#1)
thefuntasty/developer-handbook: appcenter-how-to-add-partner-account.md

# AppCenter - How to add access to partners

> 1. Create a new distribution group related to the app you want add access to (if already doesn't exists). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new distribution group related to the app you want add access to (if it already doesn't exist). 
```

> Distribution group management can be found at adress https://appcenter.ms/orgs/futured/apps/app-name/distribute/distribution-groups 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distribution group management can be found at following address: https://appcenter.ms/orgs/futured/apps/app-name/distribute/distribution-groups 
```

> (`app-name` should me replaced with a real name). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`app-name` should be replaced with a real app name). 
```

> 1. Add partners' emails as Testers of this distribution group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add partner's emails as Testers of this distribution group.
```

> 1. Add created distribution group to `$APP_CENTER_DISTRIBUTION_GROUPS` environment variable 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add created distribution group to `$APP_CENTER_DISTRIBUTION_GROUPS` environment variable.
```

to `enterprise` workflow at Bitrise. Distribution groups should be comma separated, e.g. 
`"Collaborators,NewGroup"`. 

> 1. Enjoy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enjoy.
```
